{
"justA": "test"
}
UN EAD 1
An animation of a person with a white stick and glasses walking along a road.
UN EAD 2
{
"pauseMedia": 4500
}
UN EAD 3
The person bashes into a digger, and turns
UN EAD 4
{
"pauseMedia": 4000
}
UN EAD 5
The person now walks into a wall. They are trapped!
UN EAD 6
{
"pauseMedia": 4000
}
UN EAD 7
The shot zooms out revealing our protagonist trapped in the centre of a maze.
UN EAD 8
{
"pauseMedia": 5000
}
UN EAD 9
"States have to eliminate obstacles to accessibility for persons with disabilities"
Quote from article 9 UN Committee on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities (CRPD)
UN EAD 10
{
"pauseMedia": 10000
}
UN EAD 11
To find out more visit, www DOT O-H-C-H-R DOT org SLASH TreatyBodies (all one word).
UN EAD 12
{
"pauseMedia": 9000
}
UN EAD 13
Things don't have rights. People do.
UN EAD 14
{
"pauseMedia": 4000
}